fix(circuit-ui): ColorInput border radius (#3559)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/few-nights-rush.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": patch
---

> Fixed the ColorInput text field border radius so its left corners stayed square next to the color swatch after the shared Input border changes in `b37eec9b` and the follow-up ColorInput composite input update in `d39dc282`.

Reviewer: Specific commits aren't relevant to readers of the changelog.
```suggestion
Fixed a style specificity issue in the ColorInput component that caused the text field to have a border radius towards the color swatch.
```
